fix: Remove reference to Bonitasoft (#3350)
bonitasoft/bonita-doc: modules/api/pages/rest-api-extension-archetype.adoc

* Return an XML content with specific media type and character set
* Call to external SOAP webservice (requires internet connexion)

> Another REST API Extensions example with SQL data source is available on http://community.bonitasoft.com/project/data-source-rest-api-extension[Ofelia Community]. This example shows how to execute SQL queries on a external database.

Reviewer: **suggestion:** 
```suggestion
Another REST API Extensions example with SQL data source is available on https://community.ofelia.com/t/data-source-rest-api-extension/26157[Ofelia Community]. This example shows how to execute SQL queries on a external database.
```
